License tool (#44)
che-incubator/che-dashboard-next: README.md

It is better to have React and Redux Developer Tools for debugging

## License tool

> There is a tool that checks all existing CQs for transitive dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a tool that checks all existing CQs for all dependencies (including transitive ones).
```

Author: Thanks
